# EEG experimental-study

## This repository includes the replication package, analysis scripts, and supplementary information related to the paper.

# Replication Package

In the `/replication` directory, you will find:

 - All stimuli used for participants in the `/tasks` folder
 - Images for baseline conditions
 - The task viewer and task editor in the `/task_viewer` directory, along with the corresponding .xml configuration file

# Forms

In the `/forms` directory, you will find the pre-experiment forms utilized in our study.

# Data Results

For your convenience, the `/data` folder contains all results from our experiment:

 - Wave_ELE = Power of especified waves from each electrode and activity
 - Wave_IND = Power of especified waves from each participant and activity
 - Wave_REG = Power of especified waves from each brain region and activity

# Statistics

The statistical results from our experiment can be found in the `/statistic` directory.

# Analysis 

In the `/scripts` folder, we provide analysis scripts for input data processing.

To run the scripts, you will need:

 - Matlab R2018b or later 
 - EEGLAB v2023.1 or later

Once your system is ready, please follow this execution order:

 - Run `ICA.m` using all the .EDF files from your experiment.
 - Next, execute `Unified_GUI.m` with all the .SET files generated by the `ICA.m` script.
 - Finally, run either `eeg_q_Script.m` or `eeg_q_UNI_REG.m` using all the .SET files produced by the `Unified_GUI.m` script.

If you need to merge .EDF files, you can use the `MergeEDF.m` script provided.














